# Week of 02/08/2021 - 02/14/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/14/02:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/14/02:24 PM

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Wyatt, Josh, Ben, Noah, Nick

## Minute Recorder

Nick

## Topics Discussed
Went over iteration 4 preparation details and who is going to be doing what. Went over the timeline of this iteration and 
reiterated on what is most important and takes precendence over other stuff. Josh elaborated that he is now full-time at his
job now so he will pretty much only be avaliable during the evenings now. 

## Things Clarified
We made sure to stress that we need to stay on time of things for this iteration and to also make sure not to fall behind and
make any more crunch time that necessary. Ben clarified his emails with trey regarding design ideas for the GUI as well.
