# Week of 03/08/2021 - 03/14/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/14/06:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/14/06:23 PM

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Wyatt, Josh, Ben, Noah, Nick

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed
- We brainstormed a few ideas for refactoring the switch statement in Controller.
- We went over what all we want to get done in Iteration 5. Additionally, we discussed who is doing what for the next iteration. What we have so far is tentative; this isn't yet 100% set-in-stone that this is what everyone is doing.

## Things Clarified
- UI polish: Ben
- UI tests: Ben, Josh
- More logging: Josh
- Installer: Nick, Wyatt
- Refactoring: Noah, Wyatt
