# Week of 10/12/2020 - 10/18/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/14/06:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/14/06:40 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Josh, Benjamin, Noah, Nick

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed

BR3 can be broken up into a business requirement and a functional requirement. The Tech Stack for this project consists of: .NET CORE, Visual Studio, Atlassian, SyncFusion Control Library, AWS data/functionality, WPF visualization, and a C# framework. For the prototype, we have a login page, followed by a main page. This main page consists of 12 ellipsoid shapes, each representing an AWS service, with the most important similar services at the top left. Our domain model represents several services. Not all of this app's AWS services will be shown in the domain model, just several examples. Functional and nonfunctional requirements have been identfied and properly formatted.

## Things Clarified

For the First Iteration features, we want to have the foundation and functionality there. The program will be able to connect to an AWS service and display information. Adding more services, information, and features will come in later iterations. Our program will have a button for switching view type, similar to how in Windows, you can switch between icons and list view. We may put a message log space on each service ellipsoid, reporting any errors with that service to the user. We are considering adding a legend with symbols, where it's explained what each color in the main page represents.
