# Week of 02/01/2021 - 02/07/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/04/05:30 PM

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/04/06:22 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Joshua, Benjamin, Noah, Nick, Trey (client)

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed
<b>Software</b>
- We explained and showed the new mock AWS clients. Client was fine with this approach.
- For the auto-refresh feature, client suggested that, in the application's settings, the user can change the time interval (how often it refreshes).
<b>Documentation</b>
- Said our DevMode option should be explained in the documentation.
<b>Fourth Iteration Features</b>
- Suggested our UI use more color (just black and white currently).
- Client was not interested in a start/stop button for security reasons. This would deal with permissions. Someone accidentally clicking "stop" on a server could be a problem.
- Wants Route 53 for the next iteration. Went into technical detail on Route 53: how it compares to DNS, what zones and records are, etc.

## Things Clarified
- Client got more specific about the ECS hierarchy. His suggestion was that when he clicks on an ECS cluster, it explodes like a wagonwheel, with the tasks and services as spokes (rather than a tree). Client explained ECS target groups, but said not to focus on that for the time being.
- Client also specified how he wants Route 53 to be visualized: as a single icon with a number, the number representing the number of zones on a Route 53 instance. If that number is 0, then no icon shows up.
