# Week of 03/01/2021 - 03/07/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/03/05/05:30 PM

## Meeting End Time

2021/03/05/06:17 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Joshua, Benjamin, Noah, Nick, Trey (client)

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed
<b>EXPERIENCE USING SOFTWARE</b>
<ul>
  <li>Wants more control over the viewport.</li>
  <li>Wants the diagram to auto-center when an item is clicked, and for the left pane to show the focus.</li>
  <li>Wants the icons to be more uniform with AWS standards. For example, our EC2 item should have an EC2 symbol on it.</li>
</ul>

<b>Documentation</b>
<ul>
  <li>No comments.</li>
</ul>

<b>Student Symposium</b>
- Said he's fine was us showing anything. There wasn't anything he didn't want us to show. He recommended we use our mock items at the event, just so we don't have unexpected AWS problems.

## Things Clarified
<b>Fifth Iteration Features</b>
<ul>
  <li>No additional AWS services. He feels we've covered the important ones.</li>
  <li>Custom installer. He had one in mind, but couldn't remember the name of it.</li>
  <li>UI refinement. Client would like the AWS items on the dashboard to look like an example he sent us.</li>
  <li>More logging beyond just access logging.</li>
</ul>
 - Said he's working to get us a real AWS environment to work with.
