# Week of 10/18/2020 - 10/24/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/23/05:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/23/06:18 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Josh, Benjamin, Noah, Nick, Trey Gourley (client)

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed
We got feedback from our client, Trey Gourley, about our design components.
<ul>
<li><b>Domain Model:</b><br/>Client noted that there are actually 4 or 5 services under EC2. EC2 is not one service, as our domain model might indicate. However, client said most of these subservices are useless, and it's best to stick with default services. We will go insane if we attempt to implement all AWS functionalities.</li>
<li><b>Business Requirements:</b><br/>Client recommended a third business requirement of "User should be able to change high level things with services." An example would be renaming an instance of ECS.</li>
<li><b>Functional and Non-Functional Requirements:</b><br/>Client said it's not needed that our app runs on Linux or Mac, because WPF only works on Windows.</li>
<li><b>Tech Stack:</b><br/>No feedback.</li>
<li><b>First Iteration Goals:</b><br/>Client said as a client, he is agnostic as to whether we start with front end or with back end. He said as a developer, he recommended tackling the unknown areas (visualization) early on, rather than in March. He said we could hardcode fake placeholder information for the app, and later replace it with info from AWS. Client was adamant that connecting to AWS APIs and pulling information would be the easy part of this project. A .NET SDK will help us get our information easily. Client was adamant that visualization would probably be the most difficult and unknown aspect of this project.</li>
<li><b>Prototype:</b><br/>Client emphasized that this project is about creating a new way to see items, in a way where the user can be all the way zoomed out and see all the different areas of the environment. Client liked the prototype. He said he hadn't considered the list to the left of objects. It's like an object explorer, with visualizations of those object to the right. He agreed that someone might want that, such as someone familiar with SQL.</li>
<li><b>Use Cases:</b><br/>No feedback.</li>
</ul>

## Things Clarified
<ul>
<li>Client has put three pages of information on Confluence.</li>
<li>Client said he's going to write us some notes on the topic of AWS security groups. He's also going to prepare a synopsis of the basic things for us to support. He said he would share the important data points, and if there's something not on this list, we can safely assume it's not important.</li>
<li>We established that we will avoid XML if possible. We would prefer working with JSON.</li>
<li>We asked the client about two related services we could have up and running for our first iteration. Off the top of his head, he said an EC2 instance and a load balancer. He said a load balancer divides user traffic up into two, half and half, so a server doesn't crash.</li>
<li>We asked if control PCs were going to be the source server, if the machine running our app is going to be a server machine. Client said no.</li>
</ul>
