# Week of 11/23/2020 - 11/29/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/24/05:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/24/05:29 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Joshua, Benjamin, Noah, Nick, Trey (client)

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed
We got feedback from our client, Mr. Trey Gourley, about our Iteration 1 items.
<ul>
<li><b>Software:</b><br/>Client suggested we have a refresh button, so that, if the user logs into the AWS console and changes something, then hits refresh in our software, the change will show up. He also said something we should consider is supporting multiple accounts, as a lot of IT groups create separate accounts for groups of services. For example, if he's in a company and has 3 products, he will create 3 different accounts.</li>
<li><b>User Documentation:</b><br/>Said it looks good/no critiques.</li>
<li><b>Development Documentation:</b><br/>Said it looks good/no critiques.</li>
<li><b>Deployment Documentation:</b><br/>Client asked us our thoughts on error logging. He said with logging in .NET, there are two main libraries: Serilog and NLog. He said Microsoft has a logging API inside the .NET framework, and essentially, Serilog extends upon that. He also said if you run it in Visual Studio, you can differentiate between debug, warning, critical, info, and the other error types.</li>
</ul>

## Things Clarified
<ul>
<li>We discussed our second iteration goals, which include adding more AWS services, add error logging, add controls for service items such as restart or stop, add a refresh button, and add a logout button.</li>
<li>When we asked about particular AWS services we should prioritize for Iteration 2, he said ECS is a good start, which is like the AWS equivalent of Docker. He said if we can get that and RDS for Iteration 2, that'd be good.</li>
<li>Our client said he's totally fine with us wanting to use .NET 5.</li>
<li>Our client said he's trying to get Education AWS, which would give us free credits to use AWS services.</li>
</ul>
