# Week of 12/14/2020 - 12/20/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/12/14/05:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2020/12/14/06:09 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Joshua, Benjamin, Noah, Nick, Trey (client)

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed
- <b>Software</b>
- When looking at the RDS visualizers, he said he wanted to know which engine type is running for a particular RDS instance. He said that really comes in handy, because PostGres issues are not MySQL issues. This feature was added after the meeting.
- When Trey was looking at our ECS visualizer, which represented an ECS cluster, he seemed a bit dissatisfied with it. He got into discussing ECS in depth for a little while, but these notes are beyond the scope of this document, and are better posted elsewhere as technical notes. But in a nutshell, he wanted to see a more layered structure showing cluster, service, and task instances in a tree-like structure.
- <b>User Documentation</b>
- No comments/questions.
- <b>Development Documentation</b>
- No comments/questions.
- <b>Deployment Documentation</b>
- No comments/questions.
- <b>Third Iteration Features</b>
- RDS to show engine type (this was a quick fix done after the meeting)
- Client was ok with a button to start or stop instances
- Went into detail on ECS again, talked about its interaction with load balancer, the target group, and health checks. Said it would be a challenge to visualize.
- 1 or 2 more AWS services

## Things Clarified
- We asked him about what AWS services we should tackle next. The two ones he gave were S3 and Route 53, which is just DNS. It's kind of like Google drive. Visualized, S3 should just be a standalone item, no connections, like RDS. He wants it to show how many items are in the bucket.
- He clarified VPCs and Security Groups. Services must be within the same security group to communicate. That's where IAM and roles and permissions come in.
