# Week of 10/18/2020 - 10/24/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/10/20/06:30 PM

## Meeting End Time

2020/10/20/07:18 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Josh, Benjamin, Noah, Nick, Ben (mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed
We got feedback from our mentor, Ben Lawson, about our design components.
<ul>
<li><b>Domain Model:</b><br/>Mentor recommended not using the word "Interface" when refering to a graphical interface. Mentor recommended the consideration of data classes and graphical element classes. Graphical element classes would take in data class and display as a graphical interface. Mentor recommended having a common interface across all services, where each AWS service makes use of that one interface.</li>
<li><b>Business Requirements:</b><br/>Mentor recommended mentioning the connections and relationships between AWS services somewhere in the Business Requirements.</li>
<li><b>Functional and Non-Functional Requirements:</b><br/>Mentor noted that reporting errors might actually be a non-functional requirement, and remarked that the discussion of showing relationships amogn services as a Functional Requirement, rather than in Business Requirements, was fine.</li>
<li><b>Tech Stack:</b><br/>Mentor recommended headers. Example: "Visual Studio" gets a header of "IDE".</li>
<li><b>First Iteration Goals:</b><br/>Mentor recommended picking two or three AWS services, services which connect/have interaction, and get those working for First Iteration. Mentor recommneded getting the functional foundation set for the First Iteration, for a couple services, before tackling all the services. Mentor recommended keeping track of future tasks, where we can move tasks into different categories such as "In Progress", "Ready for Review", "Completed", etc.</li>
<li><b>Prototype:</b><br/>Mentor suggested a tabbed layout: tabbed dashboards, where one is graphical, one is organizational, one is hierarchical, etc.</li>
<li><b>Use Cases:</b><br/>Mentor recommended we make use cases for developers and administrators, since developers and administrators are listed as actors.</li>
</ul>Aside from those critiques, our mentor said everything looks good.

## Things Clarified
<ul>
<li>In our next client meeting, we would like to ask and learn more about how his AWS services are set up, how they connect to one another, etc.</li>
<li>We agreed that the next client meeting will be this Friday at 5:00.</li>
</ul>
