# Week of 11/08/2020 - 11/15/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/12/07:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/12/07:43 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Josh, Benmjamin, Noah, Nick, Ben (mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Nick

## Topics Discussed
We met with Ben to get feedback for ouyr progress thus far and what we can do for the next week. We discussed our API implementation and how we have been having several hangups
regarding the utilization of the AWS SDK within our project. He suggested we try to use moq (https://github.com/moq/moq#readme) due to the fact that we had yet to get access
to our clients AWS enviornment, so moq would allow us to earsily make one for ourselves. We ultimatly desiced to continue our original route after Benjamin made a breakthrough.
We also discussed with our mentor the feedback we recieved from Dr. Ergin in our email coorespondance and he agreed with what Dr. Ergin elaborated on as far as what choice to
make with doing front-end or back-end as our first iteration goal.

## Things Clarified
Things we clarified with our mentor revolve mainly around how the AWS SDK works as far as its implementation within visual studio. He was under the impression prior to the meeting
that we would jsut be using an API and not the SDK. He also helped us clarify what steps we need to take from here on out to ensure we have a good submission for the first iteration period.
He elaborated on his own experience when he was i9n the class which helped us make the decisions that we made.
