# Week of 11/23/2020 - 11/29/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/23/05:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

2020/11/23/05:33 PM

## Location/Medium

Google Meets

## Present

Wyatt, Joshua, Benjamin, Noah, Nick, Ben (mentor)

## Minute Recorder

Wyatt

## Topics Discussed
We got feedback from our mentor, Ben Lawson, about our Iteration 1 items.
<ul>
<li><b>Software:</b><br/>Mentor said the user should have a way to manage save files, to view them, delete them, etc. He said the user needs a way to log out. Interface is going to need some work. Mentor recommended having an interface for views, like an AWS resource interface that would take in an AWS interface and add it to the UI without caring about its type. The reason we should do this is because as we add more AWS services, we're going to have a lot of repeated code. In regards to UI testing, mentor recommended we move as much heavy-lifting code out of UI classes and into logic classes as possible.</li>
<li><b>User Documentation:</b><br/>Mentor said we ought to add our team's expectations/work flow methodology, etc. For example, if we're just committing to master, we should say so.</li>
<li><b>Development Documentation:</b><br/>No comments.</li>
<li><b>Deployment Documentation:</b><br/>Mentor pointed out that Visual Studio allows you to publish executable files in a simpler, more straightforward way than the way we did it.</li>
</ul>

## Things Clarified
<ul>
<li>Overall, mentor thought it was good, and was impressed by the functionality of our first iteration software.</li>
<li>As a side note, mentor recommended doing pull requests and code reviews, because that's pretty standard in the CS workplace.</li>
</ul>
